hey what's up guys the explanation pros
here today i'll explain an apocalyptic
and post-apocalyptic fiction film titled
cargo
incoming spoilers
the film opens in a boat floating in an
australian river with a family of three
inside immediately a conflict is seen as
the main character andy tries to
initiate contact with another family on
land but the father of the said family
shows his gun in a silent but
threatening manner that night andy and
his wife kay are arguing about where
they should head as a family because
they have a baby rosy and that their
supplies are running low
k wants them to go ashore and scavenge
in a rural town but andy insists on the
original plan which is to safely stay in
the river toward a supposed refuge
their argument is cut short when rosie
cries in the background the next scene a
child is seen on a tree recreating the
experience of using television and
remote through rocks
the following day while drifting in the
middle of the river andy sees an
abandoned boat he immediately heads
toward it to inspect andy checks the
inside and finds half of it submerged he
then takes a handful of items such as
canned food and a bottle of wine while
doing this he feels something odd with
the unchecked cabinet prompting him to
stop his scavenging and then leave in
such a narrow environment he's not
taking any chances
afterwards after returning safely to his
boat kaye hugs and kisses andy andy then
shows her the loot he managed to
scavenge from the boat andy then tells
kate that there is nothing to worry
about because it is safe
kaden tells her husband to rest inside
the boat while she stays on guard after
her husband sleeps she then crafts a
makeshift mobile for her daughter she
then sees a bottle of wine wrapped in a
message making her curious about the
abandoned boat from whence it came
k embarks on an abandoned boat alone
because her husband told her earlier
that it is safe she is caught unaware by
a bite from an unknown creature
in the next scene andy wakes up from
rosie's cries he then comforts and
carries his daughter before spotting a
trail of blood on the floor upon
following it he sees k in the bathroom
trying to put pressure on her wound andy
bandages the wound with k apologizing to
him for what is happening
later they argue about what bit k
k tells her husband that it has fingers
implying that it's human to which andy
responds with anger he then tells kay
that even if it takes 48 hours to be
truly infected she will bleed out first
before that happens telling her that he
has to take her to the hospital because
of this the family leaves their boat to
walk on land in the next scene the child
from early is shown again this time
however the child tosses a dead rabbit
on a hole as if feeding something
unknown
after seeing a car the couple places
their child inside of it while fixing
the said car
inside the car kaye attaches the
makeshift mobile that she crafted
earlier for her daughter outside andy
anxiously fills the car with fuel kay
then spots a zombie signaling andy by
using the blinker of the car luckily
andy manages to get in the car and the
family drives away in haste
after driving far they decide to stop by
in the middle of nowhere k decides to
change rosie's diaper performing it in
the hood of the car while andy checks
the map after briefly taking his gaze
away from k k suddenly vanishes from
sight and andy checks up on her there he
sees k convulsing on the ground
afterwards while they are driving away k
wakes up to find that her wound is
becoming sticky indicating that she is
slowly turning into a zombie because of
this she screams at andy to stop the car
limpingly running away from her family
as soon as they stop moving andy follows
her but kate pushes him away telling him
that this cannot be controlled and he
hugs her making kay cry from this
feeling of dread in the next scene k
sits under the shade of a tree and he
urges her to go to the hospital
forcefully taking k to the car while
driving andy sees an aboriginal man
standing in the middle of the road he
manages to avoid the man but they crash
instead as a result k is impaled by a
piece of wood filled with shock with
what's happening andy loses his
consciousness
upon waking up andy finds a note written
in blood by his wife's side telling him
to save rosie he then finds out that his
wife has already turned biting him in
the process andy manages to escape and
take his daughter to safety
andy then shouts in anger for everything
that happened even denying the bite mark
he received from his wife
however he regains hope upon seeing
rosie
andy carrying a crying rosie on his back
marches on the australian savannah
despite the sweltering heat
as they stop on a tree log andy sees the
aboriginal man from earlier filled with
rage and he confronts the man but he
finds out that it is actually a
restrained zombie with a stick upon its
mouth the child from earlier appears
telling andy to stop because that is her
dad the child to me lures her father
away from the scene by cutting her palm
seeing this and he decides to walk away
eventually reaching the town that his
wife suggested earlier
the place is seemingly abandoned but
andy finds out soon enough that it isn't
a school teacher ida tells andy to sit
down so she can heal his wound and she
does she then tells andy that her
students aboriginals have gone and
returned to the old ways
afterwards andy sees a fire from afar
there toomey's mother is searching for
her daughter but toomey hides herself
and her father because aboriginals kill
and burn the infected tummy then
reminisces about her father when he was
still human
the same night while he is about to
shave his rugged beard andy falls to the
ground and uncontrollably convulses like
his wife from earlier
the following day andy sees from his
watch that he only has 32 hours left
before he turns he then finds rosie
missing but eventually sees rosie cared
by ida he then greets ira and ida shows
him a picture of willie bell which is
actually toomey's infected father she
then tells andy to search for them and
aware that willie has turned andy and
rosie then leave
after walking far andy sees a man named
vic who has just shot a zombie near andy
vick is stuck and buried by a heavy
object in some hole and andy helps him
immediately after spotting a few zombies
vic gives him the key to his car and
andy drives a car a bit to remove the
heavy material attached to the car they
then leave in vic's car they then drive
to vic's makeshift place there andy sees
vixibo's wife lorraine after vic gives
lorraine a necklace lorraine
halfheartedly compliments it quickly
removing it once vic leaves the place
upon returning vic instructs lorraine to
take rosie upstairs while he and andy go
away to zombie hunt
after zombie hunting andy sees that vic
is using a live human in a cage as a
bait for the zombies and the human in
question is to me
horrifying andy in silence
meanwhile while calming rosie down
lorraine finds a sticky liquid attached
to rosie indicating that she has been in
the presence of zombies
they then get home with vic awkwardly
kissing lorraine that night while his
bid and arm uncontrollably shakes andy
suddenly thinks of killing himself
because he perceives that rosie will be
safe in vic and lorraine's company he
tearfully kisses rosie before sneaking
out of the house
outside he attempts to inject something
in his head but lorraine carrying rosie
stops him lorraine reveals to him that
vic is not her husband and that she is
held captive by vic and he then proposes
that they could leave from this place
however vic suddenly enters the scene
immediately knocking down andy with the
butt of his rifle andy wakes up finding
himself beside tumi inside a cage but
they manage to escape when andy attaches
raw god in the rope that opens their
gate baiting the zombies into pulling
the rope
the two then head back to vick's place
to retrieve rosie and lorraine
they managed to leave but vic wakes up
lorraine shows herself to vic in an
attempt to stop him but vic quickly
shoots realizing too late that he had
already shot lorraine on the other hand
andy and toomey run away they also
managed to hide from the relentlessly
pursuing vic
that night sumi discovers that andy has
been bitten when she suddenly sees andy
shaking uncontrollably
the following day toomey tells andy that
he and her father can still be cured by
a shaman however andy the bearer of bad
news tells toomey that he and toomey's
father cannot be cured anymore which
upsets to me prompting her to run away
as fast as she can
to me then run towards her father but
her father is sadly already killed not
wanting to see this reality toomey
tearfully hits herself in the head with
a rock andy stops to me from doing so
and tumi tells andy that this is his
fault andy leaves her
but not before telling her that she's
welcome to follow them after andy
eventually loses consciousness while
walking to me soon decides to follow
them after hearing rosie's cries
after walking far the tree finally
reached the river however while heading
toward the boat they decide to first
inspect a nearby mobile home
there they see the remnants of a
birthday celebration
after healing two me self-inflicted head
wounds andy then decides to search for
the family that was there before while
toomey herself stays inside the mobile
home
in his walk with rosie andy finally
comes across the family but he
eventually realizes something is wrong
despite the laughs and the giggles of
the children sure enough the father is
actually digging their graves because he
got bitten himself
he finds no other solution but to kill
his family and then himself
and he walks away flinching with every
sound of gunfire that reverberates in
the air
afterwards andy takes the man's gun and
thinks about killing himself as well but
decides against it after seeing rosie
toomey enters the scene after hearing
the gunshots they then decide to walk on
the railroad track to go back to the
aboriginals while walking they spot a
cloud of smoke rising in the distance
upon hitting there through a dark tunnel
andy spots a man by the fire and quickly
hides with rosie and to me behind a
vehicle the man is none other than vic
vick hears rosie's brief but echoing cry
prompting him to approach them slowly
andy gives rosie and his back to toomey
while he confronts vic with his newfound
gun
they then fight while toomey takes rosie
inside vic's car
after fighting vic comes out from the
darkness to drag toomey out of his car
shortly after a limping andy soon moves
from toward vic however he sees vic
cradling rosie
andy sits near vic telling him to give
back rosie at first vic refuses but he
eventually returns rosie without a fuss
they then leave vic morning for the loss
of lorraine
the three continued their trail as they
are walking andy slowly turns into a
zombie they eventually stop as andy
decides to tie a piece of meat to a
stick so that he can still follow it
when he turns
to me then watches andy's eyes get
filled with sticky liquid eventually
becoming a zombie andy's plan works as
he follows the piece of meat while
carrying toomey and rosie like a donkey
following a carrot because of this they
eventually reach the aboriginals camp
the aboriginals want to kill andy
immediately but toomey stops them tumi
then sprays case perfume toward andy as
the smell permeates andy's nose andy is
seen pondering as if he slightly
recognizes his humanness even for a
short while after this andy is finally
mercifully killed
afterwards the aboriginal smarting to
their secret refuge there they are
happily greeted by other survivors as
they take care of rosie they see the
words thank you
painted on her stomach
the film ends with one final shot of the
makeshift mobile crafted by k
which is now hanging peacefully on a
tree branch
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video please hit the like
button and also subscribe to my channel
for more videos like this
see you in the next video
please hit the like button and also
subscribe to my channel for more videos
like this
see you in the next video